Challenge Journey

 

After purchasing a challenge, traders will receive the challenge account login credentials via email, which can also be viewed in the Overview tab of the Client Area.

 

The Hola Prime 2-Step Pro Challenge consists of two phases. To get the Hola Prime Account, a trader must successfully complete both phases. Having a flexible trading strategy and a strong risk management plan are essential for passing the challenge.

 

Once you hit your profit target in Phase 2, our Risk Team will promptly conduct a review of your entire challenge phase. Meanwhile, you can upload documents for KYC and sign a contract that will be visible in your dashboard under the “Agreements” tab. After the review, you will receive a Hola Prime Account.

 

If any of the rules mentioned in this section are not followed, your existing challenge account will be suspended. However, you can always purchase another challenge to obtain a Hola Prime Account.

 

No Time Limit

 

Trading requires maintaining focus and staying on course, even when challenges arise. It’s about steady progress, not quick wins, for long-term success. There is no maximum day limit, so traders can take the necessary time to showcase their skills and strategies without feeling pressured by time constraints.

 

Inactivity

 

Any trading account that is inactive for 30 consecutive calendar days will be permanently suspended. A trading day refers to a day when at least one trade is opened as it counts towards an active trading day. Closing the trade, modifying the stop loss or take profit, or placing a pending order does not count as a trading day.
2.1. Daily Loss Limit

 

Daily Loss Limit is the maximum amount a trader is allowed to lose in a day. For Phase 1 and 2 Challenge Accounts, as well as the Hola Prime Accounts, this limit is set at 5% (4% for $200k accounts) of the previous day's closing balance.

 

The trading rule stipulates that the loss on any day, which is the sum of current floating PnL and total PnL on closed trades, cannot exceed the Maximum Daily Loss Limit. The daily maximum loss is reset every day at 17:00 EST server time.

 

The Daily Loss Limit will be 4% of the previous day's closing balance for $200k account sizes.

 

Example- Assume your initial account balance is $200,000. The Daily Loss Limit is 4%, which equals $8,000. This means your equity cannot fall below $192,000 ($200,000 − $8,000) at any time during the day. If your equity/balance drops below this level, the account will be closed for exceeding the Daily Loss Limit.

 

For Instance: If at the end of day 2, your account’s closing balance is $110,000, then the loss limit for Day 3 would be = $5,500 ($110,000 * 5%). This means your equity on Day 3 can't go below $104,500 (1,10,000 − 5% of $110,000). If your equity goes below $104,500 at any moment on day 3, your account will be closed. If during the day, you make a profit of $7,000, then the loss limit during the day shall be allowed up to ($110,000 * 5% + $7,000), which will be $12,500.

 Another Example: You have a $110,000 trading account. During the day, you realize a significant loss of around $3,000. After this, you initiate another trade. At any given moment, if your running trades exceed the floating loss of $2,500, your account will breach the daily loss limit.

 

Hence, if your trades (including floating losses) exceed a $5,500 loss within any trading day, you're breaching this rule.

 

2.2 Maximum Overall Loss Limit:

 

The Maximum Overall Loss limit is the amount your account’s equity or balance can’t go below. For Phase 1 and 2 Challenge Accounts as well as the Hola Prime Accounts, this limit is set at 10% (8% for $200k accounts) of the Initial Balance. The rule states that the sum of the currently floating PnL (Profit and Loss) and the realized PnL (Profit and Loss) on all closed positions must not hit the Maximum overall Loss Limit.

 

For example, if a trader has a $100,000 account, the Maximum Loss limit means the equity or balance cannot drop below $90,000 at any time.

 

2.3 Profit Target

 

In Phase 1, traders need to earn a profit equal to 8% of the initial account balance.

 

Phase 2, the profit target decreases to just 5% based on the initial account balance.

 

For instance, if a trader begins with a $100,000 account size, they should aim for $8,000 profit in Phase 1 and $5,000 profit in Phase 2.

 

2.4 Minimum Trading Days

 

You are required to reach the profit target while following all other rules and trading for a minimum of 2 days in each challenge phase.

News Trading

 

Hola Prime Accounts- News trading is normally allowed in the Challenge Phase. However, in the Hola Prime Account, traders can hold trades at any time but are not allowed to execute (open or close) any trade on the instruments affected by high-impact news, during the window of 5 minutes before to 5 minutes after the release of such news. The execution of trade includes market execution as well as pending orders, including Stop Loss and Take Profit orders. Other non-targeted instruments (affected by low and medium-impact news) can be traded normally.

 

Any profits generated from trades executed during the restricted period will be reversed.

 

Reckless trading around high impact news with the intent to exploit volatility can lead to account termination. For more information on this, read here.

 

3.2 Weekend Holding

 

Hola Prime Account only- Holding of trades over the weekends is allowed in Challenge Phases 1 and 2 of Pro Accounts. However, for Hola Prime accounts, weekend holding is not allowed and any trade remaining open at 15:45 EST time on Friday will be automatically closed by the system.

 

Why are trades closed at 15:45 EST?

 

Traders might get a worse fill if trades were closed at 17:00 EST when the weekend rollover takes place. To avoid this, trades are closed at 15:45 EST. Additionally, it takes us time to go over all accounts and close trades in bulk.

 

Note: Profit from trades that are closed by the system on Friday will be counted towards the payout. Similarly, the trader is responsible for the violation in case any loss/deductions result in the breach of the daily loss limit or maximum loss limit in the respective account.

 

3.3 Overnight Holding

 

Overnight holding of positions is permitted in all- Challenge and Hola Prime Accounts allowing traders to maintain their trades without interruption, giving them the flexibility to gain on long-term strategies and market trends that unfold beyond standard trading hours.

4.1 Maximum Exposure Limit:

 

In 2 Step Pro accounts (Hola Prime accounts only), there are following maximum exposure limits on open trades:-

 

$5,000 account: None

 

$10,000 account: None

 

$25,000 account: Maximum 10 lots

 

$50,000 account: Maximum 20 lots

 

$100,000 account: Maximum 40 lots

 

$200,000 account: Maximum 80 lots

 

In case of breach of above guideline, all open trades will be automatically closed by the system and the account will be disabled. Profits from trades that exceeded the specified limits will be deducted from the account. If these deductions lead to a breach of the Daily Loss Limit or Maximum Loss Limit, the trader will be responsible for the outcome.

 

A first breach will trigger a warning and the deduction of profits from trades exceeding the limit, after which the trader may contact support to have the account re-enabled. A second breach will lead to further profit deductions from trades exceeding the limit, a reduction of the remaining profit split to 30% (applicable to trades within the specified limits), and an account termination.

 

4.2  Risk Limit (Effective 7th April'26 17:00 EST)


Your Risk per trade idea should not exceed 2% of the account size (initial balance) on the Hola Prime (Funded or Direct) account only. Splitting up a trade into multiple positions of the same or correlated assets will be counted as one single trade idea for this rule. Further, if a new position is opened within 10 minutes of closing a position of the same or correlated assets, it will also be considered as a single trade idea for this rule. Stop-loss levels must be set in accordance with the permitted risk limit.


The breach of this rule will lead to hard breach and termination of account.


Further, general risk management rules should always be kept in mind, and the trader should trade in the account as if it were their money. Read about prohibited Gambling behavior here.


*Using prohibited trading practices may result in a reduction of the risk limit to 1% as a preventive measure. Any such changes will be communicated to users via official channels.

5.1. Trading Platform

 

You can choose among the best trading platforms – DX Trade, MT4, MT5, Match Trader, Trade-Locker, and CTrader platforms.

 

5.2. Tradable Instrument

 

You can trade Forex, Crypto, Indices, and commodities with tight spreads on all our trading platforms.

 

5.3. Instrument Wise Leverage

 

The leverage that will be applied to the 2 Step Pro account will be:

 

Forex: 100:1

 

Exotics: 10:1

 

Commodities: 5:1

 

Indices: 10:1

 

Metals: 20:1

 

Crypto: 2:1

 

Note: While our current leverages and margin requirements are fixed, we reserve the right to implement tiered or variable margin requirements at our discretion, and such changes may be made without prior notice.

Add-ons
Hola Prime offers Add-Ons as optional upgrades at the time of purchase, enabling traders to enhance their trading experience with greater flexibility. Add-ons must be selected at the time of purchase and cannot be added later.

 

Swap-Free Add-on
The Swap-Free Add-On is available for traders who do not want to earn or pay interest for holding positions overnight. If the Swap-Free Add-On is selected at the time of purchase, an additional fee of 10% is charged on the base Challenge Fee (pre-discounted price).

 

For example, if traders want to purchase a 2 Step Pro $100,000 Challenge Account priced at $619, once the Swap-Free Add-On is selected, the price will be $680.90 (10% increase).

 

Reset Add-on
The Reset Add-On allows traders to restart their Challenge account after a breach for a fee of 30% of the base Challenge Fee (pre-discounted price).

 

This add-on is applicable only on Challenge phases. It is not available for accounts issued under the Direct model or Funded stage accounts. The add-on must be selected at the time of purchase and can be used only once.

 

If a Challenge phase is breached, the Reset option will be available on the client dashboard.


If a reset is requested for a 2 Step Pro account (Phase 1 or Phase 2), a new Challenge Phase 1 account will be issued. Login credentials will be available on the client dashboard and will also be shared via email. The trader will be required to start the Challenge again from Phase 1.

 

For example, if traders want to purchase a 2 Step Pro $100,000 Challenge Account priced at $619, once the Reset Add-On is selected, the price will be $804.70 (30% increase).

 

Important Note: Add-Ons can be selected and availed exclusively for accounts purchased through the client dashboard.

7.1 Rewards

 

When purchasing the Challenge, traders get the choice to select a payout cycle of their choice. Payouts will be processed according to the selected cycle.

 

Payout Cycle and Rewards Criteria:

 

1. Bi-Weekly & Monthly Payouts

 

To qualify for payout, the trader must meet the following profitability requirement:

 

Bi-weekly Cycle: Minimum of 3 profitable trading days within a 14-day period for 80% profit-split.

 

Monthly Cycle: Minimum of 7 profitable trading days within a 30-day period for 95% profit-split.

 

A profitable trading day is defined as a day when closed positions generate a net profit of at least 0.5% of the initial account balance.

 

Example: For an account with an initial balance of $100,000, a day will be considered profitable if the trader closes the day with a minimum of $500 in net profit. $100,000 × 0.005 = $500

 

The positive profit is calculated as: EOD Balance or EOD Equity (whichever is lower) − Previous Day Closing Balance.

 

2. On-Demand Payouts

 

Traders can request On-Demand Payouts with 80% profit split subject to the following conditions:

 

- Consistency Requirement Traders must maintain a Consistency Score of up to 40%, meaning the biggest winning day cannot exceed 40% of total profits on the account.

 

The Consistency rule measures a trader’s ability to generate steady profits while managing risk. It is calculated using the following formula: Consistency Score = (Biggest Winning Day / Current Total Account Profit) × 100%

 

For example, the highest profit earned in a day is $11,250, and the total profit earned so far is $25,000, then the Consistency score = (11250/25000) * 100 = 45%. In this case, the trader must keep trading and earn a total profit of at least $28,125 (Additional profit of $3,125), so that consistency score is brought down to 40%.

 

- Minimum Profit Required A minimum total profit of 2% of the initial account balance is required to be eligible for payout.

 

For example, if the initial balance of your account is $100K, then you need to make at least 2% profits ($2,000) in order to raise on-demand payout.

 

7.2 Payout Method

 

The following are the payout methods available:

 

Bank Wire & Cryptocurrencies: Minimum $50 (excluding firm’s share), no fees from our end.

 

Supported Crypto: BTC, USDC, ETH, USDT (ERC-20 & TRC-20).

 

Rise: Minimum $500 (excluding firm’s share), supports bank & crypto payouts. A flat fee of $25 applies.

 

7.3 100% Challenge Fee Refund

 

When you successfully pass the Hola Prime challenge, you will receive a 100% refund of your challenge fee. This refund will be processed automatically in four equal installments, with 25% of the fee paid back with each of your first four payouts. For example, if your initial challenge fee was $120, you will receive a $30 refund with each of your first four payouts.
There is no limit on the no. of challenges that can be purchased by a trader.

 

You are allowed to purchase and participate as you like. However, the maximum total capital allocation across all funded Hola Prime Accounts (whether obtained through challenges or direct accounts) is capped at $500,000.

 

Condition 1: A user has a Hola Prime Account A of $200k. Then he passes three challenges- B of $200k, C of $100k, and D of $50k account sizes. However, he can avail only two of the additional Hola Prime Accounts along with the existing A account of $200K. This is because the maximum Hola Prime Account allocation would have reached the $500k limit. The trader will hence have to wait for the current A account of $200k to be closed before making the other Hola Prime Account active.

 

Condition 2: A user already has three Hola Prime Accounts of $200k (Account A), $200k (Account B) and $100k (Account C). As the user has already reached the maximum allowed allocation of $500k in active Hola Prime Accounts, he needs to wait for the existing accounts (A, B and C) to be closed.

 

It is not allowed to get multiple accounts through various registrations, that exceed the overall maximum account allocation. If we discover identically traded strategies in multiple accounts exceeding $500,000 at a time in the allocated amount, all of those accounts shall be suspended.

 

Note: If a trader intends to use a 3rd party trading robot (Expert Advisors – EAs), it must be kept in mind that there might be other traders already using the same EA and therefore the same strategy. In case 2 traders' EA settings are similar, the traders might be denied a Hola Prime Account, or the existing Hola Prime Account shall be terminated if the maximum account allocation amount is exceeded.

 

Is a user allowed to merge multiple Hola Prime Accounts?

 

Merging of accounts is not allowed in the Challenge/Evaluation stage. For Hola Prime Accounts, you have the option to merge multiple accounts up to an overall limit of $500k. However, both accounts should have been the same in the challenge phase.

 

If there are no open trades, and the account is not in the middle of the trading/payout cycle, the trader can opt to combine/merge the 2 accounts into a single account subject to a max. Hola Prime Account allocation of $500K. For any allocated Hola Prime Account above $500k at a time, the trader will have to wait for the existing active accounts to be closed before making the other new Hola Prime Accounts active.

 

The Hola Prime Accounts have to be from the same evaluation model to merge. For Instance:

 

Hola Prime Account issued after passing the 2-Step Pro challenge can only be merged with a Hola Prime Account issued after passing the same type of challenge: 2-Step Pro Challenge.

 

Note: The payout due date of the account will be updated based on the date when the merger of the 2 accounts is processed.







